# Acknowledgements

First and foremost my appreciation and deepest gratitude go to David Grove for it was his insight and genius that made all of this possible.

Much love for Pam Saunders for her endless support, love and for always being there; all of this, along with continuing to share so much of the wonderful work she has created and developed. My understanding of Emergence wouldn't be the same without her.

Caitlin Walker is deserving of so much especially for her steadfast faith, guidance and patience with myself, along with her application and continuing creativity in the field of Clean.

My deepest respect and thanks to James Lawley for helping me to bring further clarity and direction to this work, his extensive review and advice as a preserver of the Clean core has evolved this work into something I had not originally conceived before, for this I am most grateful.

The greatest of thanks to Michael McKinney for his expert eye in editing and his powerful skills as a story-teller in encouraging this engineer to explore and express this work in a new way.

Cei Davies Linn for her generosity in offering so much to me about the early days when Cei and David were developing Clean Language and 'The Wounded Child Within' work, as well as keeping me clear and distinct in my definitions and descriptions.

I wish to make special mention of Dawn Atkinson, Etsuko Suda, Nicky Johnston (for his notes and spotting my grammatical oversights), Cricket Kemp, Sioelan Tjoa, Nick Tay, Gordon Readman, Hans van Laake, Si Evans, Val Bolam and Simon Stanton for all their support, kind words and offerings. This book would not be what it is without you.

I am endlessly appreciative of all my clients and fellow travellers in learning who have shared in this work and given of themselves and their valued feedback to help enhance and evolve this work. There have been so many helpful people along the way that I couldn't possibly name them all.

And finally, my great appreciation to you for giving this work your valued attention. May it offer new insights and positive changes for your life and for the lives of those around you.
